All right, last little piece of setup inside of our order service.
So we're going to write out some routing rules inside of the ingress service config file.
And we're going to eventually have a deep discussion about all the different routes that the order service
is going to implement.
But remember, inside of the Ingress Service file, we're essentially just saying if any request comes
in for a route like API slash orders, send it over to the order service.
That's the only thing we are really doing inside of that ingress engine x config file.
So let's get to it right away.
Inside of infra.
I'll find Kate's inside of there.
I'll find Ingress SRB.
Inside this file, we're going to find those three different path rules that we've already set up.
So once again, I will copy the tickets.
BLOCK.
I'm going to paste it right underneath.
Fix the indentation.
So I've now got the original tickets.
I've got the new tickets right here on this new block.
We're going to update tickets once and twice to orders.
And once again, please make sure, please, please, please make sure that the client service is listed
at the very bottom of this list.
We want Ingress Engine X to try to match these first three paths right here before falling back to the
client service.
All right.
Well, that's pretty much it for the ingress service.
So we'll save this file.
I'm going to close it.
And finally, I should be able to go back over to my terminal and inside my scaffold terminal window.
I should see something that says that the ingress service was configured.
So in theory, we are now serving traffic up to that order service even though, well, the thing is
not actually running because it is just crashing non-stop again because those broken import statements.
Well, that is it for the initial setup.
So now all we really have to do is figure out what the order service is truly supposed to do and work
on its implementation.
So pause right here.
Let's figure that stuff out in just a moment.